a.	Git is a version control system that allows you to manage and monitor the history of your source code. GitHub is a service that allows you to manage Git repositories in the cloud. If you have Git-based open-source projects, GitHub is designed to help you manage them better. Both Git and GitHub provide programmers with valuable version-control functionality, allowing them to work on ongoing coding projects without fear of causing problems. GitHub simply goes a step farther than Git, providing extra features and tools as well as a location to save and work on projects online.

b.	A useful operating system must include a Terminal, often known as the command line or a Terminal emulator. It is without a doubt one of the most significant Mac and Linux programs. The Terminal, more than any graphical interface, provides an efficient interface for accessing a computer's true capability. Using a terminal allows us to send simple text commands to our computer, such as navigating through a directory or copying a file, and it serves as the foundation for many more advanced automations and programming skills. 

c.	The most important advantage of adopting a version control system is that when a contributor clones a repository, they are effectively producing a backup of the current version of that repository. Multiple backups on various workstations are beneficial in preventing data loss in the event of a server failure.

One of the most important advantages of version control systems, particularly DVCS, is that it allowed us to participate to projects we enjoyed even though we were in separate countries. I believe that the existence of DVCS was one of the most important factors in open-source technology's present success.

Keeping track of the changes in a code file might assist you and new contributors understand how a certain section of the code was created. The developers can use version control to track down that specific feature and alter or remove it without compromising the project's operation.
